hello here I am again new wwe
collectors 14
and what is that yes you see here
already an empty shelf around a loose
Figures were always in it that they only
still packed
Now that's the reason for it
why I'm doing this video now
and yes, here are the two 23
and the wind with mandy still has to be done
be cleaned up with a movie now
new camera you have synonymous hd I know
not if you notice it and show it now
I tell you but I know the 97
the person loosely applied the table
made with all his news figures
and I've cleared out now
I actually wiped dust and
that's why I have everyone now
on a spot in our storeroom
put on a big table
then we go in here now and
Here you can see all my wwe
Mattel loose figures so that's possible
Here are the elite everything so that is
I counted that is 430
the pieces now on the table here
are different so yes you can
everyone here sees the basics the tu packs
come then
here come the battle pack and
Here I have a department here
here come the pay per views pay per
views everything here the elite song 116 the
Wrestlemania exclusive double the me
the two clubs are already in front of me
have the let's dance here for me
that somehow pleases on the table
no idea really good
you can see her again
overview of the blues table so that
really almost the whole table was full
can see here but I find it right
as cool as that looks
but they will probably be back
come back to the shelf and you
Decide now if I have the new ones
basics we go back out with stand
everything else we have rearranged everything
if I the new basics you I to
Number 1 to number 52 with mason
Ryan completely off if I unpack
should or not
I do not have so much space yet
but maybe i will come to blood
and you could then I would be 52
unboxing make figures or even near
55 because there are three of the basic 23
then yes, you too
decides if I should leave like that
By numbers, that also looks right
horny but I could me too
Imagine doing the kids here and all
Although there are in germany the
basic 19 but also here the yoshi tatsu
mason ryan 9
and so unpack the new characters
I could actually correct myself
well imagine
So you decide that and come now
still a really cool is a horny
Thing
what's up here yes you are right
Here everything falls down the wrestlemania
matt hardy toys'r'us exclusive now
I finally got the wrestlemania series
complete
that will then also on this wall
my wrestlemania is well back there
it comes then he is still then
I have the 27 and 26 he completely so
that's really awesome I have from
an infinite arrived to him
really great horny yes otherwise what that
that should only be a short one
Information video will be like mine
currently looks like you said you can
comments, we write the table here
So I think you've got that
not how long it took the
everything so exactly
after series and so with the
displays dance and those without us
1000 times fell over but the 97 thanks
for the cool idea i wanted that
definitely check to make in any case was
it already from me and I say then
bye bye and it will be
I'll forget what's to come
accept
the tubes in trance stage will still be
come the mercy 97 had already been there
that will also come the exclusive ball
triple age 2 with the suit
what will the wrestlemania still be
28 of the series so in two weeks elite
picture like karl ottes there it will be
give a video again
what's still everything to yes so that was
it actually looks like we're coming in
a lot more elita 18 comes then
I think one at the end of the year too
order not at the end of the year
Tomorrow morning, I'll get me first
pokémon black white 2 in german times
See how well they translated
is so all information is
that 's the way it was otherwise
I write comments rated it
Thanks to Navi 97 was important a cool idea
and there you can go back to more
videos are looking forward and of course 600 soon
subscribers that will be a hammer anyway
special will also write down what you
for a special would like to have that okay
It was then from me and then I say
bye bye and do well